README.md, before:

# House price prediction tool

A house price prediction tool for predicting house prices from existing data.

## Summary

A house price prediction tool for predicting house prices from existing data using linear regression.

## Background

This project originated from a course exercise and developing that into further to create a useful program that uses artificial intelligence methods. The goal is to learn how to use the tools in practical real life situations.

Example data found in the code and csv-file have been found from a property selling website during august 2022. They are shown here only for example purposes.

## How is it used?

Before running the program you have to install required libraries. You can find the requirements in requirements-file or install with ``pip install -r requirements.txt``.

You can run the program on command line with ``python house_price_prediction_tool.py`` from the project's main directory.

## What next?

Develop the program further and add more features to it.

## Acknowledgments

* Original inspiration from Building AI course's exercises.
* Do not use code, images, data etc. from others without permission.

Commit message:

Add an option for the tool's user to give data to predict price from.

README.md, after:

# House price prediction tool

A house price prediction tool for predicting house prices from existing data.

## Summary

A house price prediction tool for predicting house prices from existing data using linear regression.

## Background

This project originated from a course exercise and developing that into further to create a useful program that uses artificial intelligence methods. The goal is to learn how to use the tools in practical real life situations.

The program uses data from a csv file as the learning data. In the file each line represents data for one house.

Example data found in the code and csv-file have been found from a property selling website during august 2022. They are shown here only for example purposes.

## How is it used?

Before running the program you have to install required libraries. You can find the requirements in requirements-file or install with ``pip install -r requirements.txt``.

You can run the program on command line with ``python house_price_prediction_tool.py`` from the project's main directory.

## What next?

Develop the program further and add more features to it.

## Acknowledgments

* Original inspiration from Building AI course's exercises.
* Do not use code, images, data etc. from others without permission.
